[OSDOCS#17057[: CQA 2.0 disconnected cluster - installing (#116157)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-agent-based-installer.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// disconnected/installing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
ifndef::openshift-origin[]
[id="installing-agent_{context}"]
= Installing a cluster with the Agent-based Installer

[role="_abstract"]

> You can install an {product-title} cluster in a disconnected environment with the Agent-based installer.

Reviewer: Nit - capital I:

```suggestion
You can install an {product-title} cluster in a disconnected environment with the Agent-based Installer.
```

> For more information, see:

Reviewer: This is good, I would add "the following" to more explicitly introduce the list with a full sentence (it's a [style guide rule](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#lead-in-wording:~:text=To%20avoid%20possible%20translation%20problems%2C%20use%20complete%20sentences%20to%20introduce%20lists%20and%20not%20phrases.) for translation)
```suggestion
For more information, see the following:
```

Please apply this to your other modules as well

* xref:../installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/understanding-disconnected-installation-mirroring.adoc#understanding-disconnected-installation-mirroring[Understanding disconnected installation mirroring]

> * xref:../installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/installing-with-agent-based-installer.adoc#installing-with-agent-based-installer[Installing an {product-title} cluster with the Agent-based Installer]

Reviewer: This is not your fault but since this was first written I have changed the name of this assembly and forgot to update the xref here:

```suggestion
* xref:../installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/installing-with-agent-based-installer.adoc#installing-with-agent-based-installer[Installing a cluster with customizations]
```
